i'm getting super creative on how i do
growth and i always have been it's just
the way my mind works
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
and you started with growth hacking i
guess in this internet marketing
industry you you growth hack a lot of
stuff so tell me something about that
mindset about growth hacking and are you
still doing something like that and if
not why
so i still have a very much so growth
hacking mentality even in my personal
life right
um
where when i'm dealing with my daughter
how can i end up getting her to do what
i want instead of crying quicker and
easier you know so like when i pick her
up in the morning i come with a
toothbrush in my mouth because i know if
i pick a toothbrush in my mouth she'll
want to brush my teeth so she'll take my
toothbrush and try brushing my teeth
even after i brush because i wake up
before she wakes up so i'll brush and
everything but if i come and do that
she'll come up pick
i'll be able to pick her up i'll be able
to read to her and go on throughout my
day much quicker then if i didn't do
that she would cry ask for her mom and
it's a horrible deal that'll take 20-30
minutes
so i look for shortcuts or ways to get
what i'm looking for quicker and easier
and they may not all be conventional for
example this year will release
seo automation and uber suggests and
will release uh email marketing and uber
suggest where you can do all email
and i'll give you the example of email
marketing email marketing and uber says
will be 100 free unlimited contacts
unlimited sends whether you send 10
emails a month or a million emails a
month it'll be 100 free
because email marketing is cheap now so
it doesn't cost much
is this is it the same strategy which
you use for ubisoft in the beginning you
made it totally free and down the line
you basically created a tool
uh
for email kind of but not really what i
mean by that is it'll always be free to
send out an unlimited amount of emails
amazing
so like i look at it as
to me that's a better creative way to
grow for example did you know mailchimp
sometimes for their cpc pays up to 50 a
click on google and you're getting a
click it doesn't mean that you get a
sign up
so how many clicks you get to sign up
and a sign up for mailchimp is a free
signup and then eventually someone can
pay right
and i'm like wait it's just cheaper if i
just give it all away for free to me
that's the example of growth hacking you
know like we're even doing something in
uber suggests which will be there's some
people who want the premium features
that can't afford it
so we're going to do something where it
says you can invite x amount of people
and you can get a free month of uber
suggests but that's been done right
that's example of growth that's drop box
just like dropbox
yes but i'm going to get even a little
bit more creative where i'm going to do
something where it says
if you invite x amount of people you can
get a free month or you can keep
inviting and if you hit a certain number
of invites
i'll give you a seo site audit where my
team will do the audit for you or we'll
write a blog post or we'll do manual
outreach and we'll try to build you
links right
why can't i actually give them more
tangible stuff that's much more value
have a free moment of uber says or would
you rather have someone write a good
blog post for you you would probably
take the blog post right because that
costs real money
so
i'm getting super creative on how i do
growth and i always have been it's just
the way my mind works
so doing these kind of growth hacking do
you even consider revenue somewhere
because this is gonna take some
resources from you right like doing all
these things for free uh making the uber
like in the in the beginning like uber
says this was totally free and you know
people were using it there were a lot of
guys who started using google suggesting
the same thing you're gonna do for email
where the revenue comes into place like
how are you gonna figure out that part
so with the email eventually i'll charge
for things like better templates
better marketing automation so really
advanced features maybe i'll say hey
double opt-in if you want to remove it
you got to pay right so like you can you
can
make certain features paid features but
you can keep the core functionality
pretty much free because if you look at
uber suggest you can still do 90 plus
percent of the stuff 95 plus for free
right like
if you think about links backlinks moz
has a good api we give away moz's api
for free you don't have to pay and it's
just like you know you can end up
getting the exact same domain score the
same backlink history eventually we'll
add in link intersect and we'll add all
this stuff again majority for free
because
it doesn't cost that much for the data
same with emails it doesn't cost that
much for emails i i ran the numbers it
cost me twenty thousand dollars to send
out 400 million emails a month miles
would just give it away for free the
cost actually isn't that expensive 10 20
years ago when mailchimp started it was
more expensive to send out emails now
not so much so the cost is continually
getting lower and if i send out more
emails my cost even gets less per email
so why not just give it away for free
it's cheaper to give it away for free
than it is to acquire users and pay
twenty dollars or fifty dollars a click
that's that's really really interesting
that's really interesting
it's it's a totally different way of
looking at cost per acquisition right
like acquiring more customers
amazing
so uh perfect are you also thinking
about integrating that with shopify
the email service which you're thinking
about that's a big market
so we want to do a little bit different
things with email like um why can't
someone just buy within the email
okay what i mean by that is you get an
email here's a t-shirt for sale why
can't i just click select my size in the
email without going to your website and
click a buy button and because i'm
already a shopify customer or whatever
maybe i can click a buy button right
away and it purchases why do i even have
to go to a website so we're trying to do
a lot of creative stuff it'll take a
while to do all that stuff but yes
eventually we'll get into commerce and
all that kind of stuff with emails
are you also thinking about sms because
that's also booming somewhere right
we are
i can't figure out a way to do sms for
free because the costs are just super
expensive in sms and what's funny is in
countries like india where
a customer doesn't spend as much because
a currency exchange right rupee versus
dollars big difference it actually costs
more money for me to do an sms in india
than it does in the united states
right economics aren't aligning up yet
because
i would want to give away more for free
in india because
the business doesn't have as much money
to pay because they're not
collecting as much money right because
they're collecting money in rupees but
my cost in india funny enough for sms is
more than in the united states so it's
actually backwards the companies will
pay more in the united states for sms
software and the cost is cheaper the
companies from what we surveyed will pay
less in india but the cost is actually
more
yeah this is like but the jio is
changing things right gl's trying to
make more exchanging things and you know
what step is actually you know um
that's the reason whatsapp is actually
very very actively you know try to
monetize that market because it's huge
in india whatsapp is one of the biggest
you know players in india
but their
their platform is not fully developed
yet for a business standpoint to
monetize right to create software on it
they're working on it and they're really
they're working on
yes because it's gonna be instant you
know communication with the buyers right
away yeah
and then all day long
and just because of jio everyone owns a
smartphone right now in india do you do
you know about this india has the lowest
cost of internet right now in the world
in the entire world
just because of jio that's amazing right
yes because
think about what i'm trying to do with
uber suggests
geo did that to the extreme
they they said instead of giving away
free software let me just give away free
phone service and just make it so
affordable yeah yeah and then you have a
massive option
celebrities because he has way more
money than me right he's he's one of the
he's one of the richest people in the
world so then he took celebrities
you know and then had the celebrities
promote the geophone right which made it
even more popular like the amitabh
bachchan and everyone right they were on
the ad campaigns about exactly exactly
exactly that's amazing india loves
celebrities right anytime celebrities
pushes something
because yeah it's like
asian countries are more emotional like
we try to you know connect everything
with the emotions and the celebrities
are the best ways to basically put
emotions in them in the mind and try to
sell everything like we are totally and
totally biased towards whatever
celebrities are doing and we just follow
that like it's crazy out there
but that's a big like india is a big
market right now like every everyone is
actually trying to
you know
uh figure out something what they can do
in india amazon being you know like
spending so much money
billions and billions they're spending
more than flip card on walmart right
there and they're spending the money
they're not i don't think they're making
any profit from it they're spending the
money to control and own the market i
don't know about control but they're
spending the money to own the market